Feat/fluid icon as webcomponent (#1566)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/fluid-elements/icon/README.md

# fluid-icon

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Running unit tests

> Run `ng test fluid-icon` to execute the unit tests via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `bazel test //libs/fluid-elements/icon:test` to execute the unit tests via
```

Reviewer: @heartdisease why have you resolved it? it is not incorporated yet.

Reviewer 2: Seems like Github messed up the "Commit suggestion" operation...
